It was a bit of a hoo-har about it, which you know, I can understand people who felt
very strongly about it being Auntie, but really, you know, for us it was just a bit of fun
almost, you know, it was not particularly anything to do with Welshness, it was just
entertainment really. I remember walking over the bridge, there was an old bridge there
before that one, and there was some young child in front of me walking along singing
God bless Prince of Wales. Now he obviously had no idea what he was singing and he had
no idea where he'd learnt it, but I came in and I said, well I thought you wouldn't
believe what I just heard, I said it was really funny, I said, I found it was, you know, well
just funny, I said, we watched it on the television, all the drama, and I seem to remember there
must have been something going on somewhere in Anasir, because this elderly lady walking
up the road in full Welsh costume, this was the one and only time I've ever seen a person
wear the full regalia and the hat, the shawl, and she obviously hadn't bought it for that
particular occasion, where she had had it from, I don't know, but she must have had
it for years, and she was wearing it, she was obviously going somewhere, I don't know
whether she was in a choir or what, but I thought, my goodness, I've never seen that
before, so it was, yeah, there were all sorts of things, but yeah, I mean, personally I
don't think it meant a lot really, not to me personally, just entertainment.